docs/Attributes.md, before:

[< back to README](https://github.com/keybraker/portal-discord-bot#regex-interpreter)

## Attributes

* _prefix:_ __@__
* _Attributes are Portal Bot's, Portal Voice or Voice Channel options that can be manipulated by whomever has clearance_

| Attributes          | Description                                                                      | Type              | Default         |
| :------------------ | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :---------------- | :-------------- |
| `regex_portal`      | _regex-guidelines for how to display portal's title_                             | string            | _default regex_ |
| `regex_voice`       | _regex-guidelines for how to display new voice (current portal)_                 | string            | _default regex_ |
| `regex`             | _sets regex-guidelines for current voice_                                        | string            | _default regex_ |
| `locale_guild`      | _locale used for **Portal**'s interactions_                                     | string (gr/en/de) | gr              |
| `locale_portal`     | _locale used for **Portal**'s interactions_                                     | string (gr/en/de) | gr              |
| `locale`            | _locale used for **Portal**'s interactions_                                     | string (gr/en/de) | gr              |
| `user_limit_portal` | _guidelines for max number of members for new voice channel from current portal_ | number            | 0               |
| `user_limit`        | _guidelines for max number of members for current voice_                         | number            | 0               |
| `bitrate_portal`    | _bitrate of current portal channel_                                              | number            | 64000           |
| `bitrate_voice`     | _bitrate of current voice channel_                                               | number            | 64000           |
| `position`          | _position of channel_                                                            | number            | beneath portal  |

Commit message:

Minor updates throughout (#57)
* doesn't play error or announcement when music is playing
small fix on mongodb update
fixed disconnect from voice channel

* update spotify message
fixed error with music player
updated attributes readme

* updated command markdown

* removed dj from attributes and created dj command
updated attributes and variables readme
removed to save_after command option as transition to mongo is complete

* updated readme and added hosting tab

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* Update README.md

* implemented prefix changing feature
fixed small typing consistency issues in dj

* added dj to command descriptions

* updated docker with mongo and volumes

* small update to docker compose volume

* updated docker compose handle mongo

docs/Attributes.md, after:

[< back to README](https://github.com/keybraker/portal-discord-bot#regex-interpreter)

## Attributes

* _prefix:_ __@__
* _Attributes are Portal Bot's, Portal Voice or Voice Channel options that can be manipulated by whomever has clearance_

| Attributes          | Description                                                    | Type    | Default                               |
| :------------------ | :------------------------------------------------------------- | :------ | :------------------------------------ |
| `p.ann_announce`    | _if announcements will be made in voices of portal_            | boolean | _true_                                |
| `v.ann_announce`    | _if announcements will be made in voice_                       | boolean | _true_                                |
| `p.ann_user`        | _if join/leave announcements will be made in voices of portal_ | boolean | _true_                                |
| `v.ann_user`        | _if join/leave announcements will be made in voice_            | boolean | _true_                                |
| `v.bitrate`         | _if voice's current bitrate_                                   | number  | _96000_                               |
| `g.locale`          | _global locale_                                                | enum    | _gr_, _en_, _de_                      |
| `p.locale`          | _portal's locale_                                              | enum    | _gr_, _en_, _de_                      |
| `v.locale`          | _voice's locale_                                               | enum    | _gr_, _en_, _de_                      |
| `v.position`        | _voice's position in discord_                                  | enum    | _gr_, _en_, _de_                      |
| `p.regex_overwrite` | _if spawned portal will be overwritten by personal regexs_     | boolean | _false_                               |
| `p.regex`           | _regex guidelines for portal's title_                          | boolean | _`G$#-P$member_count | $status_list`_ |
| `p.v.regex`         | _regex guidelines for portal's voice's titles_                 | boolean | _`G$#-P$member_count | $status_list`_ |
| `v.regex`           | _regex guidelines for voice's title_                           | boolean | _`G$#-P$member_count | $status_list`_ |
| `m.regex`           | _regex guidelines for user's voice's title_                    | boolean | _(nothing)_                           |
| `p.user_limit`      | _max number of members for portal's voices_                    | number  | _0_ (infinite)                        |
| `v.user_limit`      | _max number of members for voice_                              | number  | _0_ (infinite)                        |
