docs/README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Portal <img src="https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/src/assets/img/logo.png" alt="alt text" width="25" height="25">
</h1>

<p align="center">A fully fledged and feature rich bot for Discord</p>

<p align="center">
    Voice channels on demand (with auto-name update)<br>
    Assigns and strips roles from users with a single reaction<br>
    Creates temporary "focus" channels for private conversations<br>
    Music player that is clean and clutter free<br>
    Portal will keep you up to speed, with voice announcements<br>
    Get the latest on the corona virus and current weather<br>
    Spotify / Announcement / URL-only channels<br>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://top.gg/bot/704400876860735569">
        <img src="https://top.gg/api/widget/status/704400876860735569.svg?noavatar=true" alt="Portal" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://top.gg/bot/704400876860735569">
        <img src="https://top.gg/api/widget/upvotes/704400876860735569.svg?noavatar=true" alt="Portal" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=704400876860735569&permissions=8&redirect_uri=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.localhost%3A4000%2Fpremium%2F&scope=bot"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/📥-Add%20to%20Discord-blue" alt="Add to Discord" /></a>
    <a href="https://discord.gg/nuKXgFXr5y"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-Portal%20Official-green" alt="Add to Discord" /></a>
</p>

---

<br>

<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/docs/Commands.md">Commands</a>, a list of all Portal commands with description, arguments and how to use them.</p>

<br>

Regex Interpreter: there are four types of data _(used by run command and naming portal channels)_:

1. [Variables](https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/docs/Variables.md), are immutable and live data that return information.
2. [Attributes](https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/docs/Attributes.md), are Portal's, portal or voice channel options that can be manipulated by whomever has clearance.
3. [Pipes](https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/docs/Pipes.md), are mini functions you can pass text or Variables to manipulate their outcome.
4. [Structures](https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/docs/Structures.md), are conditional flow manipulators.

_pipes are applied to variables or text in order to change their outcome_<br>
_default premium regex: `G$#-P$member_count | $status_list`_<br>
_argument preceded by **!** is **mandatory**, **@** is **optional** (not included)_

For frequently asked questions (FAQ) with their answers click [here](https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/docs/faq.md).

## Self Hosting

### Prerequisites

#### macOS

1. install [homebrew](https://brew.sh)

       $ /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"

2. update homebrew

       $ brew update

3. install npm and node ^14.x

       $ brew install node@14

#### ubuntu

1. install npm ^6.x

       $ sudo curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_14.x | sudo -E bash –

2. install nodejs ^14.x

       $ sudo apt install nodejs

> make sure you have version ^14.x or higher with `node -v`

### Build

1. Open a terminal windows and clone Portal

       $ git clone https://github.com/keybraker/portal.git && cd portal

2. Install node packages

       $ npm install

### Configure

1. Create a bot on Discord Portal and add the toke in config.json

    ```json
    {
      "token": "add-your-token-here",
      "prefix": "./",
      "database_json": "src/database/guild_list.json",
      "owner_id": "add-your-id-(optional)",
      "portal_id": "add-bots-id-(optional)",
      "api_keys": {
        "OpenWeatherMap": "add-open-weather-map-api-key",
        "covid_193": "add-covid-193-api-key",
        "translate": {
          "engine": "yandex",
          "key": "add-yeandex-api-key"
        }
      },
      "delete_msg": false,
      "delete_msg_after": 5,
      "always_reply": true
    }
    ```

### Run

#### In case you want to run Portal with terminal (ex. tmux)

1. Compile Portal

       $ npm run compile
        
2. Run Portal

       $ npm start
        
#### In case you want to run Portal with docker

1. Create Portal docker image

       $ docker build . -f docker/Dockerfile -t portal
        
2. Check if everything went well

       $ docker images

       REPOSITORY   TAG       IMAGE ID       CREATED          SIZE
       portal       latest    4cfb856dc61d   15 minutes ago   1.27GB
        
3. Run docker image

       $ docker run portal
        
4. Run docker image (4cfb856dc61d is id from `docker images`)

       $ docker stop 4cfb856dc61d

## Release History

| Version | Date       | Argument     |
| :------ | :--------- | :----------- |
| 0.5.7   | 18-01-2021 | _polishing_  |
| 0.5.0   | 08-01-2021 | _Typescript_ |
| 0.2.1   | 16-06-2020 | _Javascript_ |
| 0.1.0   | 18-05-2020 | _Beta_       |
| 0.0.1   | 05-05-2020 | _Alpha_      |

## Acknowledgements

> Acknowledgments - _[Discord.js](https://discord.js.org/#/)_<br>
> Author - _[Ioannis Tsiakkas](https://itsiakkas.com)_<br>
> License - _[GNU LICENSE](http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html)_

Portal is an open source project you can contribute too. There are guidelines for how to properly contribute [here](https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)

> **Disclaimers**
>
> 1. Portal will never record conversations or store anything you type<br>
> 2. Discord update their server rate limit to twice per 10 minutes. The new rate limit for channel name and topic updates is 2 updates per 10 minutes, per channel [more here](https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/issues/4327)<br>
> 3. Runs on nodejs 14.x

<img src="https://github.com/keybraker/portal/workflows/compile%20test%20run/badge.svg" alt="CI" /> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discord.js-12.5.1-blue" alt="discord.js" /> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-6.14.10-blue" alt="npm" /> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node-14.15.4-blue" alt="node">

<p align="center">Copyrights © Keybraker 2020-2021 Portal, All rights reserved</p>

Commit message:

Move to mongodb (#51)
* updated index to only print events if debug flag is true

* update git ignore

* Update config.json

* Update guild_list.json

* implemented mongodb connection and insertion with schema and model addition

* updating to mongo

* no message

* removed guild_list.json from config and added mongodb url

* guild insert/remove member/insert

* updating events

* update all events to mongo

* all no auth channels have been updated to mongo

* update all commands to various degrees and tested for full implementation events: guild create/delete and ready

* fixed errors with member add and remove and guild add and remove

* update mongo db events and a lot of improvements on portal

* voice state update

* update voice insert

* remove voice from portal

* delete, voice status change and presence update fix

* insert and remove member implemented

* fixed errors in events

* updated voting system mongo

* update all auth commands except of force

* force implemented

* small improvements and dont reply when message is ''

* updates to some commands and bump to yts player package

* application wide updates

* resolved issues with announce/authorise/deauthorise

* config command reply value

* fixed cooldowns and updated implementation for mongo on auth commands

* updated commands to work with mongo, except for set

* fixed all functions and set function, added the ability to remove channels (spotify/announcement/url)

* remove url and music channel implemented

* remove voice and text channel has been updated

* role assigner fixed

* fixed all attributes setting and retrieving

* removed console log

* fixed errors with jests

* bumped to 0.6.0

docs/README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Portal <img src="https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/src/assets/img/logo.png" alt="alt text" width="25" height="25">
</h1>

<p align="center">A fully fledged and feature rich bot for Discord</p>

<p align="center">
    Voice channels on demand (with auto-name update)<br>
    Assigns and strips roles from users with a single reaction<br>
    Creates temporary "focus" channels for private conversations<br>
    Music player that is clean and clutter free<br>
    Portal will keep you up to speed, with voice announcements<br>
    Get the latest on the corona virus and current weather<br>
    Spotify / Announcement / URL-only channels<br>
</p>

<p align="center">
    <a href="https://top.gg/bot/704400876860735569">
        <img src="https://top.gg/api/widget/status/704400876860735569.svg?noavatar=true" alt="Portal" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://top.gg/bot/704400876860735569">
        <img src="https://top.gg/api/widget/upvotes/704400876860735569.svg?noavatar=true" alt="Portal" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://discord.com/api/oauth2/authorize?client_id=704400876860735569&permissions=8&redirect_uri=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.localhost%3A4000%2Fpremium%2F&scope=bot"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/📥-Add%20to%20Discord-blue" alt="Add to Discord" /></a>
    <a href="https://discord.gg/nuKXgFXr5y"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-Portal%20Official-green" alt="Add to Discord" /></a>
</p>

---

<br>

<p align="center"><a href="https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/docs/Commands.md">Commands</a>, a list of all Portal commands with description, arguments and how to use them.</p>

<br>

Regex Interpreter: there are four types of data _(used by run command and naming portal channels)_:

1. [Variables](https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/docs/Variables.md), are immutable and live data that return information.
2. [Attributes](https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/docs/Attributes.md), are Portal's, portal or voice channel options that can be manipulated by whomever has clearance.
3. [Pipes](https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/docs/Pipes.md), are mini functions you can pass text or Variables to manipulate their outcome.
4. [Structures](https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/docs/Structures.md), are conditional flow manipulators.

_pipes are applied to variables or text in order to change their outcome_<br>
_default premium regex: `G$#-P$member_count | $status_list`_<br>
_argument preceded by **!** is **mandatory**, **@** is **optional** (not included)_

For frequently asked questions (FAQ) with their answers click [here](https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/docs/faq.md).

## Self Hosting

### Prerequisites

#### macOS

1. install [homebrew](https://brew.sh)

       $ /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"

2. update homebrew

       $ brew update

3. install npm and node ^14.x

       $ brew install node@14

#### ubuntu

1. install npm ^6.x

       $ sudo curl -sL https://deb.nodesource.com/setup_14.x | sudo -E bash –

2. install nodejs ^14.x

       $ sudo apt install nodejs

> make sure you have version ^14.x or higher with `node -v`

### Build

1. Open a terminal windows and clone Portal

       $ git clone https://github.com/keybraker/portal.git && cd portal

2. Install node packages

       $ npm install

### Configure

1. Create a bot on Discord Portal and add the toke in config.json

    ```json
    {
      "token": "add-your-token-here",
      "prefix": "./",
      "database_json": "src/database/guild_list.json",
      "owner_id": "add-your-id-(optional)",
      "portal_id": "add-bots-id-(optional)",
      "api_keys": {
        "OpenWeatherMap": "add-open-weather-map-api-key",
        "covid_193": "add-covid-193-api-key",
        "translate": {
          "engine": "yandex",
          "key": "add-yeandex-api-key"
        }
      },
      "delete_msg": false,
      "delete_msg_after": 5,
      "always_reply": true
    }
    ```

### Run

#### In case you want to run Portal with terminal (ex. tmux)

1. Compile Portal

       $ npm run compile
        
2. Run Portal

       $ npm start
        
#### In case you want to run Portal with docker

1. Create Portal docker image

       $ docker build . -f docker/Dockerfile -t portal
        
2. Check if everything went well

       $ docker images

       REPOSITORY   TAG       IMAGE ID       CREATED          SIZE
       portal       latest    4cfb856dc61d   15 minutes ago   1.27GB
        
3. Run docker image

       $ docker run portal
        
4. Run docker image (4cfb856dc61d is id from `docker images`)

       $ docker stop 4cfb856dc61d

## Release History

| Version | Date       | Argument     |
| :------ | :--------- | :----------- |
| 0.5.7   | 18-01-2021 | _polishing_  |
| 0.5.0   | 08-01-2021 | _Typescript_ |
| 0.2.1   | 16-06-2020 | _Javascript_ |
| 0.1.0   | 18-05-2020 | _Beta_       |
| 0.0.1   | 05-05-2020 | _Alpha_      |

## Acknowledgements

> Acknowledgments - _[Discord.js](https://discord.js.org/#/)_<br>
> Author - _[Ioannis Tsiakkas](https://itsiakkas.com)_<br>
> License - _[GNU LICENSE](http://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.html)_

Portal is an open source project you can contribute too. There are guidelines for how to properly contribute [here](https://github.com/keybraker/portal/blob/master/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)

> **Disclaimers**
> 
> 1. Portal will never record conversations or store anything you type<br>
> 2. Discord update their server rate limit to twice per 10 minutes. The new rate limit for channel name and topic updates is 2 updates per 10 minutes, per channel [more here](https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/issues/4327)<br>
> 3. Runs on nodejs 14.x
> 4. As this is a work-in-progress and new features are added weekly, if you want to give input or request a feature you can always do that at [Portal's Official Discord server](https://discord.gg/nuKXgFXr5y)

<img src="https://github.com/keybraker/portal/workflows/compile%20test%20run/badge.svg" alt="CI" /> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/discord.js-12.5.1-blue" alt="discord.js" /> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/npm-6.14.10-blue" alt="npm" /> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node-14.15.4-blue" alt="node">

<p align="center">Copyrights © Keybraker 2020-2021 Portal, All rights reserved</p>
